README.md, before:

# Ballerz
The app for basketball pickup games


## Branch Purpose
    I want to invite my find my friends ib the app or invite them after creating my profile
## Next 
Test these scenarios:
    `TODO: define next scenarios` 
    - Places and users search
    - I want to add my favorite playground
        
There must be three different games on three different courts, two at the moment, and one other on saturday


## How? (technical)

- [ ] Invite your friends after find Your friends
    - [x] Styles Find your friends bottom sheet
        - [x] Display bottom sheet in home page
    - [x] Invite Your friends Feedback vue





- [ ] Add place
- [ ] Add Profile Picture







TODO: scenario10
- [ ] UserProfileScreen
            - [ ] add stats
* [ ] inject profilepic uri
* [ ] Fix userProfileScreen virtualized list in scrollView Error


TODO: auth
* [ ] Enable email confirmation to allow users to signin 
- [ ] FeedBack in auth flow, after defining username, befor find your friends screen






## Post-Testing Adjustments
TODO: Test that comment icon is explicit, now that there is a feed item with a comments section

Commit message:

feat your friends after crteating your profile

README.md, after:

# Ballerz
The app for basketball pickup games


## Branch Purpose
    I want to invite my find my friends ib the app or invite them after creating my profile
## Next 
Test these scenarios:
    `TODO: define next scenarios` 
    - Places and users search
    - I want to add my favorite playground
        
There must be three different games on three different courts, two at the moment, and one other on saturday


## How? (technical)

- [x] Invite your friends after find Your friends
    - [x] Styles Find your friends bottom sheet
        - [x] Display bottom sheet in home page
    - [x] Invite Your friends Feedback vue

* [x] Fix MakeFriendsScreenNot displaying list of users on first render
    - [x] Refactor UserProfileListScreen
        - [x] The view will contain the searchBar
* [x] Fix FindYourFriendsScreen not srolling

- [ ] Refactor MakeriendsView to enable FriendsShip Request
    - [ ] Copy paste the FindYourFriendsView
    - [ ] Refactor SearchBar title





- [ ] Add place
- [ ] Add Profile Picture







TODO: scenario10
- [ ] UserProfileScreen
            - [ ] add stats
* [ ] inject profilepic uri
* [ ] Fix userProfileScreen virtualized list in scrollView Error


TODO: auth
* [ ] Enable email confirmation to allow users to signin 
- [ ] FeedBack in auth flow, after defining username, befor find your friends screen






## Post-Testing Adjustments
TODO: Test that comment icon is explicit, now that there is a feed item with a comments section
